[ML] VSCode setup instructions (#1787)
elastic/ml-cpp: build-setup/vscode/using_vscode.md

In **Settings**, make sure *C_Cpp:Autocomplete* and *C_Cpp:Intelli Sense Engine* from the native C++ plugin of VS Code
are disabled. Note that we don't want to disable the complete C/C++ Extension, since we are still going to use the
debugging capabilities.

Now for the `clangd` plugin, make sure that you have the correct path specified in **Settings** and *Clangd: Path*.
*Clangd: Arguments* can look something like this:

```text
-log=verbose
-pretty
--header-insertion=iwyu
--suggest-missing-includes
-j=4
--all-scopes-completion
--background-index=0
--clang-tidy
--compile-commands-dir=./
```

## User tasks

You can use [user tasks](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/tasks) to integrate VS Code with external tools. For
example, re-format the project using a the docker container with correct clang-format version or build certain parts of
the project in Debug mode. Later, we will see how we can use these tasks as dependencies for debugging.

Here is an example of user tasks specified in `tasks.json`:

```json
{
    "version": "2.0.0",
    "tasks": [
        {
            "label": "Format code",
            "type": "shell",

>             "command": "docker run --rm -v ${workspaceFolder}:/ml-cpp -u $(id -u):$(id -g) docker.elastic.co/ml-dev/ml-check-style:2 /ml-cpp/dev-tools/clang-format.sh",

Author: >  -u $(id -u):$(id -g)

I'm not sure what should be passed for the login here. Could we invoke `clang-format.sh` directly outside of docker assuming it is installed locally

Reviewer: You require to use `clang-format` version 5.0.1. I am using docker container here to ensure the correct version and to avoid mingling with host dependencies.

Author: Once I logged into docker.elastic.co I could run this in a shell.

I changed the command to call `run_docker_clang_format.sh` because if the docker image is updated the shell script should also be changed. Hardcoding the version here means it will go out of date eventually.

            "problemMatcher": [],
            "options": {
                "env": {

>                     "PATH": "${env:PATH}"

Author: This is a heavy handed fix but on macOS docker is in `/usr/local/bin/` which isn't on the default` PATH`

                "Build ml-cpp lib"
            ],
            "options": {
                "env": {
                    "CPP_SRC_HOME": "${env:CPP_SRC_HOME}"
                }
            }                       
        },
        {
            "label": "Build ml-cpp bin",
            "type": "shell",
            "command": "cd ${workspaceFolder}/bin && make ML_DEBUG=1 -j6",
            "problemMatcher": [
                "$gcc"
            ],
            "dependsOn": [
                "Build ml-cpp lib"
            ],
            "options": {
                "env": {
                    "CPP_SRC_HOME": "${env:CPP_SRC_HOME}"
                }
            }               
        }
    ]
}
```

## Debugging

To use [debugging](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/debugging), you need to specify the binary and the
arguments in a json file. You can use `preLaunchTask` to specify the user tasks that should be executed before the start
(e.g. building project).

Here is a example of the `launch.json` file:

```json
{
    "version": "0.2.0",
    "configurations": [
        {
            "name": "data_frame_analyzer",
            "type": "cppdbg",
            "request": "launch",

>             "program": "${workspaceFolder}/build/distribution/platform/linux-x86_64/bin/data_frame_analyzer",

Author: > /platform/linux-x86_64/

The platform specific path is the problem here. Perhaps we can define a variable for the value or maybe we just leave a comment saying edit this for your particular platform

Author: I added a token for the platform and instructions to set the platform specific value

            "args": ["--input", "OnlineNewsPopularity_small.csv",
                "--config", "es_regression_configuration_small.json", 
                "--output", "output.txt"],
            "stopAtEntry": false,
            "cwd": "${workspaceFolder}",
            "environment": [],
            "externalConsole": false,
            "MIMode": "gdb",
            "setupCommands": [
                {
                    "description": "Enable pretty-printing for gdb",
                    "text": "-enable-pretty-printing",
                    "ignoreFailures": true
                }
            ],
            "preLaunchTask": "Build ml-cpp bin"
        },
        {
            "name": "api unit test",
            "type": "cppdbg",
            "request": "launch",
            "program": "${workspaceFolder}/lib/api/unittest/ml_test",
            "args": [

>                 "--run_test= CInferenceModelMetadataTest/testJsonSchema"

Author: This is a useful example but we shouldn't have it in the setup instructions as the user would be fooled into thinking all the tests have run.

Author: The `args` option is now documented at the end of the file

# Using Visual Studio Code with `ml-cpp`

Previously, we explained how to [set up CLion for `ml-cpp`](../clion/using_clion.md). You may find, that CLion has some
performance problems when indexing `ml-cpp` project: it may take very long to open the project or CLion may freeze and
fail. In this case, [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) can be an alternative. When combined with
`clangd`, it is significantly faster, while still being able to provide features like autocompletion, code navigation,
static code analysis, etc.

## Prerequisites

In this tutorial, we assume that you have `gcc` or `clang` installed as described in the
[CLion tutorial](../clion/using_clion.md). We also assume that you already created `compile_commands.json` file as
described there since `clangd` also uses it.

[Install `clangd`](https://clangd.llvm.org/installation.html). Version 11.0 had a significant performance improvement,

> so it is worse to go an extra mile and install the latest stable version. Install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so it is worth going the extra mile and install the latest stable version. Install
```

Reviewer: My typo

debugging capabilities.

Now for the `clangd` plugin, make sure that you have the correct path specified in **Settings** and *Clangd: Path*.
*Clangd: Arguments* can look something like this:

```text
-log=verbose
-pretty
--header-insertion=iwyu
--suggest-missing-includes
-j=4
--all-scopes-completion
--background-index=0
--clang-tidy
--compile-commands-dir=./
```

## User tasks

You can use [user tasks](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/tasks) to integrate VS Code with external tools. For
example, re-format the project using a the docker container with correct clang-format version or build certain parts of
the project in Debug mode. Later, we will see how we can use these tasks as dependencies for debugging.

Here is an example of user tasks specified in `tasks.json`:

```json
{
    "version": "2.0.0",
    "tasks": [
        {
            "label": "Format code",
            "type": "shell",
            "command": "cd ${workspaceFolder} && dev-tools/docker/run_docker_clang_format.sh",
            "problemMatcher": [],
            "options": {
                "env": {
                    "PATH": "${env:PATH}",

>                     "CPP_SRC_HOME": "${env:CPP_SRC_HOME}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    "CPP_SRC_HOME": "${workspaceFolder}"
```
If we have this option, I think it is better to use `${workspaceFolder}` here. For instance, if you have two copies of `ml-cpp` locally, this will make using VSCode with both of them easier.

Author: ++ It makes more sense as `CPP_SRC_HOME` needn't be defined to build in VSCode

            "type": "shell",
            "command": "cd ${workspaceFolder}/lib/maths/unittest && make ML_DEBUG=1 -j6",
            "problemMatcher": [
                "$gcc"
            ],
            "dependsOn": [
                "Build ml-cpp lib"
            ],
            "options": {
                "env": {
                    "CPP_SRC_HOME": "${env:CPP_SRC_HOME}"
                }
            }                       
        },
        {
            "label": "Build ml-cpp bin",
            "type": "shell",
            "command": "cd ${workspaceFolder}/bin && make ML_DEBUG=1 -j6",
            "problemMatcher": [
                "$gcc"
            ],
            "dependsOn": [
                "Build ml-cpp lib"
            ],
            "options": {
                "env": {
                    "CPP_SRC_HOME": "${env:CPP_SRC_HOME}"
                }
            }               
        }
    ]
}
```

## Debugging

To use [debugging](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/debugging), you need to specify the binary and the
arguments in a json file. You can use `preLaunchTask` to specify the user tasks that should be executed before the start
(e.g. building project).

> Here is a example of the `launch.json` file. Please replace `YOUR_PLATFORM` in the `program` path with your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of the `launch.json` file. Please replace `YOUR_PLATFORM` in the `program` path with your 
```
